README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/laravel/framework/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/framework/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

# Set Up Project
```
 composer create-project laravel/laravel {project-name}
```

# Install the Telegram Bot SDK using Composer:
```
composer require irazasyed/telegram-bot-sdk
```

## 🚀 Publish Configuration File
# Publish the configuration file by running this command in your terminal window:
```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="telegram-config"
```

Commit message:

set up webhook with telegram

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/laravel/framework/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/framework/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

# Set Up Project
```
 composer create-project laravel/laravel {project-name}
```

# Install the Telegram Bot SDK using Composer:
```
composer require irazasyed/telegram-bot-sdk
```

## 🚀 Publish Configuration File
<p>Publish the configuration file by running this command in your terminal window:</p>
```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="telegram-config"
```

# Download ngrok with the link 
```
https://ngrok.com/downloads/windows?tab=download
```

# Open ngrok.exe and run command 
```
ngrok http 8000
```
